Update gather data from company emails rule (#7609)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/generate-insightful-reports-via-company-emails/rule.md

    url: https://www.ssw.com.au/people/isabel-sandstroem/
created: 2023-12-15T01:24:13.247Z
guid: 9477fb4c-b872-4c82-af96-34d1cabd1d7c
related:
  - checked-by-xxx 
---

> The emails exchanged within your company are more than just communication tools; they are a rich source of data. By analyzing this data, you can 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The emails exchanged within your company are more than just communication tools; they are a rich source of data. By analyzing this data, you can:
```

> The emails exchanged within your company are more than just communication tools; they are a rich source of data. By analyzing this data, you can .

Reviewer 2: finish this sentence

Author: The numbered list completes the sentence (the dot is a typo), but if it is unclear I'll change it.

![image](https://github.com/SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content/assets/36569610/b0ca558d-f1bf-467f-b8b9-4d47c598dfc3)
**Figure: The complete text in the rule**

<!--endintro-->

1. Gain insights into a company's operations
2. Detect bottlenecks
3. Better distribute workload
4. Make strategic decisions

> **Microsoft Graph API** is a great tool to extract Outlook data. The extracted data is not just collected; it is transformed and displayed in Power BI reports by utilizing **Open AI** to analyze the emails. AI is able to analyze the data without having to worry about spelling, casing, nicknames or slang. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Microsoft Graph API** is a great tool to extract Outlook data. The extracted data is not just collected; it is transformed and displayed in Power BI reports by utilizing **Open AI** to analyze the emails. AI is able to analyze the data without having to worry about spelling, case sensitivity, nicknames or slang. 
```

> casing

I don't think this is a word in this context.
